README.md, before:

# Pizza Tower: Arroz's Big Break
Arroz's Big Break(or ABB) is a Mod of Loypoll's recreation of The Noise spinoff seen in the Pizza Tower "Megaleak"
## WARNINGs
This Mod is NOT supposed to be fully accurate to Noise's Big Break(far from it), it includes plenty of new stuff/changes to the original content. If you want the accurate version you should see [lucasdaweb95/NoiseBigBreak](https://github.com/lucasdaweb95/NoiseBigBreak). Wich is the original recreation this mod was build upon.

Also you can use any of the recreated stuff from this mod, they are on the [assets/recreation](https://github.com/Nestomiau/ArrozBigBreak/tree/main/assets/recreations) folder.

## Credits
Base Recreation - Loypoll\
Mod Owner - Arroz
### OC Credits
GuNoise - Arroz Felino\
The Doise - Robby1scool\
Loise - [peoplearecool453](https://scratch.mit.edu/users/peoplearecool453/)\
Foise - [AACC_ELyt](https://scratch.mit.edu/users/AACC_ELyt/)\
The Noise 2023 - [MarioLoverCHAT](https://scratch.mit.edu/users/MarioLoverCHAT/_})

Also if anybody here wants their OC removed i will do so without further asking.

Commit message:

More Palette Fixes + Misc
Fixed the Doise Eyes on the mach3 TV;
Renamed GuNoise to Gunose;
Added more Palettes;
Made the Name of the Palette be shown;
GMS2 remade some .yy files;
Made the palette be a surface so we can have custom Palettes(not implemented);
Removed 2 objects in harroz_1;
Small optimizations changes;
Fixed a bug where mu_ntest2_start wound't play;
Fixed colors issues with spr_expr_laugh, spr_player_fall and spr_player_dive;

README.md, after:

# Pizza Tower: Arroz's Big Break
Arroz's Big Break(or ABB) is a Mod of Loypoll's recreation of The Noise spinoff seen in the Pizza Tower "Megaleak"
## WARNINGs
This Mod is NOT supposed to be fully accurate to Noise's Big Break(far from it), it includes plenty of new stuff/changes to the original content. If you want the accurate version you should see [lucasdaweb95/NoiseBigBreak](https://github.com/lucasdaweb95/NoiseBigBreak) Wich is the original recreation this mod was build upon, or you could see the [accurate-edition](https://github.com/Nestomiau/ArrozBigBreak/tree/accurate-edition) branch wich include all of the recreations made for this mod, while also not including any of the new modded stuff.

Also you can use any of the recreated stuff from this mod, they are on the [assets/recreation](https://github.com/Nestomiau/ArrozBigBreak/tree/main/assets/recreations) folder.

And if you wanna open the project in GameMaker it is for Version 4.

## Credits
Original Recreation - Loypoll\
Mod Owner - Arroz
### OC Credits
Gunose - Arroz Felino\
The Doise - Robby1scool\
Loise - [peoplearecool453](https://scratch.mit.edu/users/peoplearecool453/)\
Foise - [AACC_ELyt](https://scratch.mit.edu/users/AACC_ELyt/)\
The Noise 2023 - [MarioLoverCHAT](https://scratch.mit.edu/users/MarioLoverCHAT/_})
